Hi welcome back what you stood and saw him as being from the future and coming back just to you know
just a couple of things on their application.
So the first thing that I want to see is right here on their razor on the school user we're missing
an ass right here.
I want to just that and I want to just this nor reply I want to make sure that we have the right link.
All right.
So in the last lecture we already corrected all of this and make sure that you if you're using a live
server that you put your Web site there.
So it's going to be something like this.
Like that.
No reply.
All right.
And I'm going to correct the next one so I'm going to look for that nor reply right here.
Have a go.
Actually right there like that.
All right.
And make sure that both of them say headers.
So we're done.
Right.
That was easy.
Thank you so much for watching.
And again this is Ellen from the future and you'll see me around when we need to ask someone who lectures
or we need to fix some issues.
You the best thing in the world because you're taking my course.
Thank you.
See you in the next lecture.